Barbarian_Background.png
OfficeAmbienceLoop.ogg
"I take a deep breath."
G: "It's a scam, Thogra. People just send these emails to trick people into giving them money."
T: "You say they have no intention of honouring their promise to return the gift threefold once the would-be usurper is slain?"
G: "Yeah. Happens all the time."
"He growls, mulling this over."
"At least I think he's thinking about it."
T: "How dare they not respect the agreement of honourable warriors! I shall tolerate this deceitful machine no more!"
G: "An email isn't the fault of the computer, you know -"
T: "Silence, wizard! Or you too will face my wrath!"
[CG 2]
"Before I can stop him, he raises his battleaxe and splits through the tower on his desk."
"I mutter a quick spell to shield me from the sparks flying from the cubicle."
G: "Okay, so one ticket for a replacement PC..."
"I'm just gonna back out."
[Background: IT Office. Portraits: Greg, Zaxyss]
OfficeAmbienceLoop.ogg
Space_Background.png
Z: "That was quick, for dealing with those barbarous outbounders."
G: "Yeah, well, we'll need another computer set up in there. Again."
G: "Any new tickets come in?"
Z: "A number of them, but that matters not. I know, I know you have warned me, but the habits of the leadership of AstonishCorp cannot be anything but an ill portent for our future!"
G: "Sure. What'd the boss do now?"
Z: "That rodent does not deserve the title of boss! Just this morning, as I went to the water cooler, I passed her office and heard her communing with mysterious forces."
G: "On the phone again, huh?"
Z: "Yes, about a mission of hers! What kind of business call talks about a mission from the future?"
G: "For all we know, she's calling in another motivational speaker. Whatever it is, it's above my pay grade."
Z: "And what of her mumbling last week in the elevator about the folly of humanity?"
G: "Have you seen the average customer?"
Z: "...Well, yes. But I cannot hold her above suspicion."
"Honestly, I kind of get it. But like I said, going down these theories is above my pay grade. The boss might just normally suck."
"When I started here, these people didn't even know what version-tracking software was. Each build of the product was just put on a new USB drive. We still have buckets of USB drives sitting around here somewhere."
"So, yeah, either malicious or incompetent. Or both."
G: "Anyway, those support tickets?"
Z: "Right, right."
"He summons an array of IT support tickets. I grab the oldest-looking one from today."
G: "Payroll, huh? I'll take it."
Z: "I see. And I shall prepare for our inevitable showdown!"
G: "You do that."
[Background: Generic Cubicles, Alien variant. Portraits: Greg]
Alien_Background.png
"Payroll is usually easier to deal with. We don't get too many complaints from there. But when we get them, sometimes they get... esoteric."
"I walk in past the workers typing away at their screens."
"Well, most of them have screens. One of them is sitting with a keyboard and mouse, but the monitor and tower are just... gone."
[Add Tria 303 portrait]
3: "Greetings, information technologist Greg."
"I don't remember giving my name when I took the ticket. Payroll just always seems to know everyone."
G: "That's me. Tria 303, right? You said something about a connectivity issue."
"It looks like a lot more than that if her peripherals aren't plugged into anything."
"No, wait. Now that I look at it, the wires fade out after a certain point, reaching into something that isn't there."
"Just as I'm about to bring it up, I see the outline of a monitor and tower, with the other end of the wires connecting to the keyboard and mouse."
"It's fading back into reality."
"Or it looks like it will, but then it starts disappearing again."
3: "This has been happening for half an hour. Your primitive PCs cannot withstand contact with the outside before they begin to lose touch with reality."
G: "How did you manage to get your computer stuck in the fifth dimension?"
3: "You claim to be the expert!"
"I breathe in and out."
G: "And that's why I'm asking, so I can help you."
3: "This is regular computer use in the Triangulum galaxy. I transferred here to share peace and advancement with you humans, yet your clunky machines confound me."
"How does somebody summon an interdimensional portal with a spreadsheet?"
-Take her at her word=>Continue2
-Looks suspicious=>BadEnd2